NAME
    CPAN::Test::Dummy::Perl5::Developer - CPAN Test Dummy developer sample
    module

SYNOPSIS
        use CPAN::Test::Dummy::Perl5::Developer;
    
        my $name = CPAN::Test::Dummy::Perl5::Developer->dummy;

DESCRIPTION
    This module has been created for use in testing suites. It contains no
    function of actual use, and only exists to provide certain guarentees
    about it's own existance.

    This module will never exist in the CPAN index, looks like a developer
    release, and will never be deleted.

    In the CPAN master repository, or in a full mirror, it will exist
    forever as ADAMK/CPAN-Test-Dummy-Perl5-Developer-0.01_01.tar.gz.

  Module Guarantees
    1. Contains no functionality, and will never do so.

    2. Has no non-core depencies, and will never have any.

    3. Exists on CPAN.

    4. Does not exist in the CPAN index, and never will.

    5. Has a file name with a typical pattern of a develop module.

    6. No release will ever be deleted from the CPAN.

  Uses for This Module
    This allows several types of testing to be done.

    Filename related issues can be tested with a known developer release.

    The module name and path can be hard-coded into tests without risking
    that file to later dissapear.

    Because it should always exist on a full mirror, but never exist on an
    index-only mirror (such as those created by minicpan) then if the mirror
    is already know to exist, the existance of this module can be used to
    differentiate the type of a mirror between full or index-only.

    In combination with other CPAN Dummy modules, other types of situations
    may also be able to be set up to test behaviour in those situations.

METHODS
    CPAN::Test::Dummy::Perl5::Developer is derived from
    PITA::Test::Dummy::Perl5::Make.

  dummy
    Returns the dummy's name, in this case 'Mr Nobody'

AUTHOR
    Adam Kennedy "<cpan at ali.as>"

SUPPORT
    No support is available for Mr Nobody.

SEE ALSO
    CPAN

COPYRIGHT & LICENSE
    Copyright 2007 Adam Kennedy, all rights reserved.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

